my dad basically I was saying I don't
like to read I like to read and my dad
said look I've read this one book if I
have to reading that you still don't
like reading I'll never ask you to read
another book again so I took it I read
it and to this day in fact we're going
to see if I'm right I remember the first
line which is the man in black fled
across the desert and the gunslinger
followed okay here we go
the man in black fled across the desert
and the gunslinger followed come on I
don't know what it was about that just
really really you should go figure in
black or gunslinger now the man in black
the man led across the desert and the
gun yelling are followed and that cat
literally from the opening line it
captivated me and by the time I got to
the end of it I realized everyone likes
to read just some people haven't found
what they'd like to read about